# TwitterNaturalLanguageProcessor
The Provided Scripts are a Real Time Sentiment Analyzer of Incoming Tweets Using the Python Natural Language Took Kit. Below describes the process of each file.

TrainNLTK loads two 5000 line training sets (positive.txt and negative.txt) containing short positive and negative movie reviews. Initially, a string pos or neg tag are appended to the end of each movie review string. Using the NLTK pos_tag function each sentence is tolkenized to distinguish parts of speech. If the part of speech is an adjective ("J") it is added to an all_word feature set. A frequency distribution of the collected adjectives is performed and words feature set refined to the 5000 most common adjectives. Two nested iterative functions then pass over each review to create the final dataset. Initially, a dictionary is created for each review containing the 5000 most common adjectives and a boolean value of True if the adjective is found. Secondly, if the adjective was found to be present, it is categorized as either a positive or negative based on the pos/neg tag previously given. The end result is a dataset for each adjective entry of the 5000 most common adjectives and a corresponding pos/neg classification. This featureset is then shuffled into a training and testing set (80% and 20% of the data respectively) and 5 classifiers (Naive Bayes, Multinomial Naive Bayes, Bernoulli Naive Bayes, Logistic Regression, and Linear Support Vector Classification) are trained on the data. The accuracy is then reported (approximately 70-75% on the provided data), a report of the most informative features provided (ie. boring found 13.0:1.0 ratio for negative reviews), and each model is saved as a pickle.

sentiment_mod loads a given string and tolkenizes the string to identify and store the adjectives. The adjectives are then classified as positive or negative for each the 5 models using the saved pickles. To determine the final classification a voting system is implemented where the majority classification rules the result. The result and confidence of result are then reported.

ExampleTweets is a simple testable use case for examples.

TwitterSentimentAnalysis imports the Twitter module Tweepy and after signing in (I have removed my log in) allows the program to pull all recent tweets containing a described key word. The tweet is then passed to sentiment_mod and a result reported. 

GraphSentiment creates a real time graph of the sentiment of each incoming tweet allowing the user to poll the sentiment of a subject over time. 
